<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>List of Illustrations</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="backmatter">
		<nav id="loi" epub:type="loi">
			<h2 epub:type="title">List of Illustrations</h2>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-1">A man in a plaid suit, sitting cross-legged in a chair.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-2">A man in a golf hat, driving a 1910s-era car.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-3">A man holding a rifle upright in his left hand. In his right is the head of an animal with antlers. Behind him is a box labeled “trophies” holding the remains of other dead animals.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-4">A man sitting in a swivel chair at a desk with a 1910s-era telephone receiver. There is a “Western Union” sign on the wall behind him. A thought bubble illustrates a scene of an injured man being treated by a nurse in front of a sign that says “War is H⁠⸺l”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-5">A man carrying a hat in one hand and surveying equipment in the other. In the corner is a separate scene depicting a World War I fighter plane which is labeled “During the War”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-6">A man riding a wooden rocking horse. Behind the horse, a number of buildings are being pulled as if they were train cars.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-7">A man in a flat-topped, wide-brimmed hat watching baseball players from the opposite side of a short wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-8">A man in a vest holding a large bucket of coal in one hand and a shovel in the other.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-9">A man pulling several barrels on a dolly on the platform of a train station. The barrels are labeled “haste” and “rush” and the train is labeled “fast freight.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-10">A man grabbing his coat and hat from his coatrack as he rushes towards his open office door, with a telegram in hand.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-11">A man dressed in golf clothes holding a golf club on a course. Two onlookers are facing him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-12">A man standing with his hat in his hand next to an early 20th century car with golf clubs in the back. A sign reads “5680 miles to Hong Kong”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-13">A man with glasses and a dark tailored suit, touching an exasperated-looking woman in a fur coat and large hat.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-14">A man in military uniform, with a sword in his right hand, standing behind a railing. On the railing is a sign that reads “When you’re ready Gridley, let her zip.” In the background is a small picture of polar bears on a rock with the caption “He’s the same that explored us awhile ago!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-15">A man in a hat riding a small horse. His hat is flying off his head. A cablecar labeled “North Shore” runs in the background.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-16">A man in waders fishing with a pole and a net. Behind him is a rock formation labeled “Canadian Rockies.” The fish he has hooked is labeled “Sucker.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-17">A man in a suit sits at a writing desk. People dressed like baseball spectators are seated on the desk as if they were grandstands. Some people have fallen off into the adjacent trash can.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-18">A man in a striped suit with golf clubs in one hand and his hat in the other. Behind him is his desk with a sign, “Gone to the links. Business suspended.” A man is rushing towards him with the dialogue “Hi! Hi Just a moment mister buyer!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-19">A man sits behind a desk piled high with legal documents. Posters of baseball are on the wall behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-20">A man in a striped suit stands in front of a boat named “Ship of State” with a pennant labeled “Illinois” on its mast. He holds a scroll which reads “Decision⁠—Attorney Genl.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-21">A man in fishing clothes stands with a picnic basket labeled “Lunch” in one hand and a rod in the other. Behind him is a law office with a sign: “Notice! Gone Fishing.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-22">A man in polo clothes rides a horse while holding a polo mallet and a polo ball is on the ground next to him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-23">A man sits at a desk surrounded by root vegetables.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-24">A man in a suit with a top hat in one hand and a cane in the other. Behind him are two dancers and a bird hatching from an egg and exclaiming “oh mama!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-25">A man is seated at a card table across from another player and holds a hand of cards in one hand and a cigar in the other. 100 shares of stock have been placed on the table as a wager.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-26">A man stands in front of his desk holding a sack labeled “customs collections.” A much shorter man is facing him wearing a ribbon labeled “Joliet politics” and saying “hello boss.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-27">A man stands in the audience of a baseball game with raised fists. Behind him, two other spectators exclaim “sit down” and “shut up.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-28">A large man is seen holding a baseball bat and standing on base. Behind him baseball players are on the field. In the background is a cablecar.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-29">A bald man in a striped suit holds his hat in one hand and a fountain pen in the other. He has a book in his pocket titled “Book on Hand-ball.” His dialogue is “Write you up for 50,000?”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-30">A well-dressed man stands in front of a clothes line on which socks hang labeled “White Socks.” There is a poster on an adjacent wall for “The Old Roman.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-31">A man sits at a desk upon which sits a model of the Edgewater Beach Hotel. Next to him is a bucket of coal labeled “Miami Coal.” He has a dialogue bubble which says “Wonder if I should go to th’ game today⁠—or play a little golf?”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-32">A man in a dark suit holds a lantern in one hand and a rifle in the other. It is nighttime. He is saying “I’ll get him⁠—Th’ l’il rascal.” A small animal at the top of a tree says “Aw, have a heart!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-33">A man is seated on a rock, smoking. He is holding a golf club with the ball in front of him. His caddy is in the background, facing him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-34">A well-dressed man shakes hands with a long-nosed person in boots, a hat, and a trenchcoat. The well-dressed man is saying “you’re good for another hundred years!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-35">A man sits behind a desk, tearing a check out of a checkbook.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-36">A man in waders holds a fishing pole in one hand and a net in the other. The fishing line is caught in a tree branch. The man says “Ah! A strike!” A fish in the lake says “Haw! Haw!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-37">A man in overalls stands on a ladder holding a paintbrush. Paint cans are on the ground below him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-38">A man in a vest stands holding a measuring tape next to a mannequin in baseball uniform. There is a poster advertising the same uniform behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-39">A man is riding an elephant holding a telescope with a Law book under his arm. In the background, the horizon is labeled “political horizon.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-40">A man is leaning on a golf clip, smoking a pipe which he holds in his other hand.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-41">A man is holding a hammer in front of a sign he has placed. The sign is in front of a car and says “For sale. John B. DeVoney.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-42">A man wearing a wide-brimmed hat is in a small fishing boat, putting bait onto his hook.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-43">A man wearing early 20th century hunting clothes stands on a bearskin rug with a rifle in one hand and a pipe in the other.Behind him, a bear runs down a mountain, saying “it’s my cue to beat it.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-44">A man stands in front of a chalkboard with a pointing stick. The chalkboard reads “Efficiency &amp; development of high-grade salesman.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-45">A man sits behind a desk with a fountain pen propped on his ear. He is wearing a chestplate from a suit of armor. Behind him, a woman is sleeping at another desk.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-46">A man holding a cigar stands in front of three people who are laughing. The man is saying , “that reminds me of another good one.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-47">A man stands in front of a crowd of children. He is holding a book labeled “Votes for Women” and his other fist is raised.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-48">A man stands holding a saw next to a large log, which has “Willy’s Overland Co.” written on its end. Dialogue is “My motto, saw wood!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-49">A man is fishing in a small fishing boat. Behind him is a mountain with a sign that says “Rockies” and a pelican is flying.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-50">A man stands outside the gate of a ball park, pointing towards the ticket booth. A sign is on the gate which reads “Under the management of the Squire of Flatbush.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-51">A man in a suit vest stands in front of a fence, wiping sweat from his head. There is a shovel in the ground and a pick in his hand.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-52">A man stands leaning against a golf club. Around him are thought bubbles depicting people playing tennis, hurdles, and football.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-53">A man stands with a rifle in one hand, tipping his hat with the other. A dog chases a rabbit in the background.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-54">A man in a tall fur hat leads a parade.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-55">A man sits at a writing desk consulting a large book. Dialogue from an unseen character reads, “Sam! The mayor wants the records on that case coming up tomorrow.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-56">A man is dressed in golf clothes swinging a golf club. Behind him a woman dressed as a nurse waves a flag with a cross on it and two other men in golf clothes are conversing, with the dialogue “his favorite drive.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-57">A man is carrying an extremely oversized coin on his back with “responsibilities” written along its edge. He is carrying it out of a bank vault, saying “Oh! For a change of scenery!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-58">A man in hunting clothes stands upon the back of a dead moose with a smoking rifle on his back. He is measuring its antlers with a measuring tape.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-59">A man in early 20th century police uniform is holding a baton and rolling up his sleeve as a robber runs away.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-60">A man stands holding a monkey in one hand and food for the monkey in the other. Many other animals are visible in the background.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-61">A man sits in a leather swivel chair next to a safe labeled “county treasury.” A harp is hanging on the wall above the safe.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-62">A man in a Chicago White Sox uniform hangs a pennant labeled “American League Champs 1919” as fans celebrate around him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-63">A man in a suit seated behind a desk with his feet propped up on the desk.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-64">A man stands offering several neckties to men in baseball uniform, saying “here you are boys. Nothing’s too good for the Cincinnati Reds!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-65">A man sits fishing on the end of a pier. Instead of fishing line, he is using thread, still attached to its spool.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-66">A man stands in front of a crowd of onlookers playing a cornet.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-67">A smiling man stands on a stage next to a sign that says “Gene Greene.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-68">A man stands holding a violin and bow behind a music stand with music labeled “Insurance Medley.” An insurance rate book sits at his feet and policy blanks are in his back pocket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-69">A man in a striped vest stands behind a desk, stamping “OK” onto a variety of papers with a rubber stamp.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-70">A man stands in front of the Planters Hotel with a golf bag on his back and a book in his pocket, “Poker According to Hoyle.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-71">A man sits on a hill in front of a stream with a fishing pole on his lap. He is swatting away mosquitos with a handkerchief.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-72">A man emerges from a trapdoor holding a candle in one hand an a bottle labeled “eight years old” in the other</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-73">A man stands behind a very small horse and carriage, tipping his hat with one hand and holding a jockey’s whip in the other.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-74">A man sits on a pier next to a stream, moving the water with a paddle. One end of the stream is labeled “drainage canal,” the other “Chicago.” Uncle Sam stands in the background, stating “Hey! What the heck yuh doin’ to my lake?”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-75">A man in a suit jumps over a fence, holding a cigar in one hand and a golf club in the other. A caddy chases behind him exclaiming “Gee whiz! He’s too many for me!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-76">A man with clenched fist busts through a short fence, exclaiming “C’mon you red legs!!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-77">A man in swimwear tips a sailor’s hat. He is holding a string that is attached to a boat in the distance.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-78">A man is sailing a violent wave on a small sailboat.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-79">A man in sleepwear is sitting at the foot of his bed as he puts on his pants and thinks of sleep. The phone is ringing beside him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-80">A man in a striped vest stands next to a billiards table holding a cue. Onlookers behind him state “he’s a blinger on the fancy stuff!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-81">A man in a sailor’s outfit stands on a ship looking through binoculars. The body of water is labeled “Jackson Park.” The man states, “Ah⁠—me thinks I see a bar⁠—no⁠—it’s a sand bar!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-82">A man wearing an apron is sweeping a depiction of Chicago. He is sweeping away depictions of vice and corruption.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-83">A man in a hat and vest is fishing in a small boat. He is thinking about two well-dressed men lined up outside an office door.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-84">A man dressed in explorer’s clothing wades through tall bush holding a shotgun.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-85">A man holds a spool of fabric, scissors, and a measuring tape. A man in the background looks at clothing on a mannequin and states, “sure nifty!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-86">A man in golf clothes swings at a golf ball. In the background two other golfers converse: “Who’s that bird?” and “That’s the President of the club!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-87">A man dressed like a king holds a baseball bat in one hand and a ball in the other. A baseball player behind him bows at him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-88">A man sits behind a writing desk with a book of patent laws on it. A man on the other side of the desk shows his invention. There is a poster behind them of a state senator.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-89">A man stands behind a book with the heading “Congress Hotel.” He is shown shouting “Front!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-90">A man in a vest stands with hands on his hips on top of a depiction of Texas.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-91">A man in mechanic’s uniform sits on the ground next to a disassembled car, stating “nothing wrong with the ignition.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-92">A man writes in a book labeled “Assessment Roll” as he shouts “Hands up!” Another man, wearing a “taxpayer” ribbon stands with his hands up in the background.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-93">A man stands holding a model airplane. Behind him are two posters, an early automobile labeled “the horseless buggy” and a man on a penny-farthing labeled “speed demon.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-94">A scowling man stands with hands in pockets in front of a group of workers chipping away at a pile labeled “deposits” which are being hauled away in a cart.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-95">A man stands at the gates of heaven holding a diorama of a theater with a book in his pocket labeled “How to Play Pinochle”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-96">A man stands pointing at a pad of paper labeled “wardrobe inventory” as another man unpacks a suitcase behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-97">A man stands next to a large jug labeled “Lakeside Petroleum Co.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-98">A man in a wide-brimmed hat with a very large bow tie. He is shown running and pushing along a tire with a stick. The tire has the text “Portage Tire” written on it.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-99">A man stands outside a storefront reading the sports section of the newspaper.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-100">A man in a wide-brimmed hat with a very large bow tie. He is shown running and pushing along a tire with a stick. The tire has the text “Portage Tire” written on it.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-101">A man sits at a desk with numerous people around him writing on pads of paper. A steel mill is visible out the window behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-102">A man stands behind a tree, rifle in hand. A basket of meats labeled “lunch” is at his feet. A deer on the other side of the tree says “I smell ham!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-103">A man in a striped suit stands with a hand in his pocket. Cupid is shooting arrows in his direction, but all have missed.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-104">A man stands pointing to a bus, next to a sign labeled “Parmelee Transfer Co.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-105">A man in a flat-topped, wide-brimmed hat stands in the midst of stereotypical depictions of native Americans holding baseball bats.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-106">A man in explorer’s gear stands holding a pot of food which he is transferring to a plate on a makeshift table. He exclaims, “first call for luncheon!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-107">A man in military uniform stands saluting in front of a battlefield hospital tent. A smaller image in the corner labeled “in time of peace” shows him playing bagpipes and dressed in traditional Scottish attire.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-108">A man smoking a cigarette reads ticker tape as it unravels into a large pile on the floor.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-109">A man raises his fist as he holds a golf club and shouts an expletive, stating “which, in the native Greek means: ‘gosh bless my luck.’ ” A shocked onlooker exclaims “Ooh! Hear them shocking woids.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-110">A man tips his hat while riding adonkey, holding a book labeled “Blackstone.” The donkey has a tire on his rear labeled “Firestone.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-111">A man poses with a large fish that he caught. A sworn statement attached to the fish says, “33 lbs. net.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-112">A man dressed like a chef stands against a table holding a large knife.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-113">A man stands ready to swing at a golf ball as his caddy looks on.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-114">A man in a uit stands next to a chair. A diagram on the wall behind him depicts his path to the bank President’s chair.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-115">A man stands in a crowded room. A sign behind him points towards the Terrace Garden.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-116">A man in a striped suit who is shown sweating wrings moisture from a handkerchief. Instead of water, music notes drip from the handkerchief to form a puddle.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-117">A man stands holding a gun. A farmer stands over a dead cow, stating “I’d like to lay hands onto the feller that shot my Bessie!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-118">A scowling man stands with a shotgun and yells “Pull!” An assistant hiding behind cover in the background states, “say when!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-119">A man reads ticker tape as it wraps around him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-120">A man in a suit standing up. Small line drawings of baseball players in action poses are depicted all around him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-121">A man in a vest and flat-topped hat stands in front of a crowd of Detroit baseball players who are holding a pennant that says, “our president.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-122">A man dressed like ancient Roman nobility holds a harp and a quill pen as he pens an “Ode to Toothpaste” on a large scroll.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-123">A man stands fishing at a creek. His dog is next to him, and thinks “As for me! I’d rather hunt than fish!” The security guards of his bank are depicted in a smaller image in the corner.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-124">A man leans against a desk. A thought bubble shows that he is thinking to his boyhood days, depicting his childhood self riding a horse.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-125">A man in firefighter’s uniform pours water from a small baster-like device. A thought bubble depicts a bottle labeled “fire water.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-126">A man is shown holding an early 20th century camera while riding on the wings of an undersized depiction of an early airplane.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-127">A man stands in front of a large hill labeled “oil shale.” He is shoveling shale into refining equipment which is pouring into jugs labeled “oil.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-128">A man wearing a bib sits at a table holding an oversized knife and fork. On his plate is a fully intact fish.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-129">A man has a hand around another person who is trying on a graduation cap and robe, with price tags still attached. He is answering the phone, saying “Bridge? Tonight? You bet I’ll be there!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-130">A man has a dumbbell in one hand and is lifting a large weight to the height of his head in the other hand. An old bearded man holding a sickle looks on, saying “good night!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-131">A man in military officer’s uniform stands holding gauze in one hand and a vial in the other as a battle wages behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-132">A man wearing an artist’s apron stands in front of a drafting table, holding the artwork he has finished. A man in the background faces him, saying “buya da nicea stat, meestair?”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-133">A man in a suit stands on an airfield, with numerous planes flying behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-134">A man sits at a desk. A thought bubble depicts workers at a shipyard. A painting of a man on a horse is behind him labeled “Sunny Wild Rose.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-135">A forlorn-looking man in a plaid suit sits on a bench, head in hands.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-136">A man in a suit sits behind a desk piled with legal documents, with his client on the opposite side. The client asks “Do you think we’ll win the case?” He responds, “Oh, there’s no doubt about it.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-137">A man sits at a dressing table, retrieving items from a box labeled “makeup.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-138">A man wearing a plaid robe stands next to a table with presents for theatrical people and for baseball players. He presses a button on the wall and says, “James! A little wet goods, please.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-139">A man is shown fishing on Vancouver Island.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-140">A man is shaking hands with Uncle Sam, who is stating “It pays to advertise!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-141">A man sits behind a bank teller’s window as a customer hands him a slip of paper.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-142">A man stands with his golf club over his shoulder. He’s has a lump of coal attached to his belt. A man in the background holds a makeshift fishing pole and a fish he caught, stating “fish is a-bitin’ ”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-143">A man stands before a small crowd holding a pencil and a book titled “How to Sell Real Estate.” A depiction of a baseball player swinging at a ball is on top of his head.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-144">A man in a plaid vest is watering plants in a field.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-145">A man in a swimsuit in the middle of a dive off of a diving board. An onlooker states, “he can turn somersaults too!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-146">A man in a suit stands holding a depiction of two vaudeville actresses in his left hand.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-147">A man stands in front of two hotels, hitting a cymbal.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-148">A man in a suit stands with a cane and asks, “Seen the show yet at Woods?”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-149">A man operates a vacuum cleaner. There is a clean trail on the floor where the vacuum has already passed. The man states, “just like that.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-150">A man stands on a small boat, casting a fishing line towards a fish. There is a small waterfall nearby labeled “The Dam.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-151">A man in overalls stands on a farm, feeding chickens</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-152">A man stands in front of a teepee, with fish that he has caught hanging from a rack. The man states, “Just a few hours work.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-153">A man stands next to a 1010s automobile. A thought bubble depicts a mechanic fixing a tire and stating “He’s a tire fixer, and never gets tired.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-154">A man stands in a doctor’s office holding a vial and a scalpel and says “what’s the matter with you?” to a man on crutches.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-155">A man is shown holding a steering wheel as dust flies all around him. An artist with an easel is shown facing him, saying “Gosh! That bird’s goin’ too fast for me to sketch!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-156">A man sits on the covered deck of a boat, reading a paper labeled “Sea and Air Chart.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-157">A man sits on top of a barrel labeled “Sugar, use no hooks.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-158">A man in a vest stands in a room labeled “mayor’s office” holding a large, nondescript, club-like object.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-159">A man sits at a desk writing papers. Numerous papers are in the garbage can and scattered across the floor, labeled “business.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-160">A man stands with a cane in front of a theater box office with a “Standing Room Only” sign.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-161">A man in a suit stands in front of an audience holding sheet music. One audience member states, “try it on the harm, Modie” as another hands him a jaw harp.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-162">A man in military officer’s uniform stands with a gun in hand and a dead bear draped across his back. A deer in the background runs away, saying “excuse me!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-163">A man with a fur hat and a jacket with a fur collar points at a map which prominently features Czechoslovakia.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-164">A man sits with binoculars in a theater box. A though bubble depicts Chicago, Rockford, and Springfield, shown as his “eternal triangle.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-165">A man sits on a throne made of law books. Legal papers are in an adjacent trash can.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-166">A man sits next to a cat in a room illuminated by a gas lamp that is labeled “Standard.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-167">A man in a cowboy hat with a vest rides a donkey across farmland.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-168">A man with glasses wearing a suit. He is standing in front of an advertisement for “Paper Bags in Rolls” and next to him is a chute labeled “Profits” which is dropping money all around him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-169">A man in detective clothing looks at a puddle with a magnifying glass and says, “Ha! A Clew!” He is shown thinking of a man riding a horse.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-170">A man is shown holding the hands of two much smaller men. A very small hat is on the floor in front of him labeled “Bob’s hat.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-171">A man is placing two cats on the other side of a fence, saying “fight it out there.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-172">A man emerges from the door of a Doctor’s office into a waiting room full of women. The man calls out, “next.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-173">A man is shown guiding two children who are planting and sowing seeds in a garden.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-174">A man stands with his hat in his hand in front of several cars. A sign in the background reads “free air.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-175">A man is shown holding a crowbar and a flashlight. A stick of dynamite has been placed in front of a safe that is labeled “campaign funds.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-176">A man sits under a tree playing a harp. A sheet of paper next to him is labeled “In the Shade of the Old Apple Tree.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-177">A man stands in a courtroom, pointing and holding a large law book. An anthropomorphic cow is seen, head in hands, in a seat behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-178">A man is shown standing in front of a very tall hotel. Hie is holding the plans for the Blackhawk Hotel and stating, “That’s no dream!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-179">A man is smoking a cigar and carrying his golf bag as a golf ball hits him in the hand.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-180">A man sits holding a pencil at his desk, on which are maps of Chicago and other municipal planning documents.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-181">A man in a striped vest watches as two very small boxers fight in front of him. He is clapping and exclaims “Sic ’em!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-182">A man stands at a fishery’s counter holding a large fish. He tells his customer “Your wife won’t know the difference!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-183">A man stands in a train station in front of a train labeled “C.P.R.” A sign above directs towards “trains to all parts of Canada.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-184">A man walks out of a diamond store wearing numerous shining jewelry items. Onlookers watch him, one stating “His favorite diamond is a baseball diamond.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-185">A man is shown fishing contracts out of water with a makeshift fishing pole. The man says, “I can land them with any kind of a rod!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-186">A man is shown riding a wooden toy horse, holding a jockey’s whip. His hat flies off his head behind him, along with a cloud of dust.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-187">A man sits in an armchair with his pipe on the table. “Smoke up!” is written in the smoke from the pipe. A deer head is on the wall behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-188">A man stands at a counter, with a large bag of grain next to him. He is inspecting some grain with a magnifying glass.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-189">A man walks through a door with a sign saying “no press agents allowed.” The city editor greets him, saying “Why, Hello Mr. Welch! Gladta seeya!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-190">A man sits amidst piles of money, opening a bank vault.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-191">A man is carrying a small barrel labeled “Sample Crude Oil” on a train platform. A sign reads “Trains for Kansas and Oklahoma.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-192">A man sits at a nes tto railroad supplies. He is holding pictures of orange trees and prune trees and states, “some views of my California orchards!”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="poetry.xhtml#illustration-193">A man stands on a farm, reading from stock ticket tape which he is dropping into a bucket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
		</nav>
	</body>
</html>
